great cable management is pretty hard it
takes a lot of time and a lot of cable
ties and even if you get it looking nice
it's a lot of work to make
adjustments but that ends today with the
LTT store.com cable management
system in front of me is everything you
can get from the cable management system
first up is the small Arch kit it comes
with five arches and is commonly used
for single cable runs or small cable
runs second is the medium Arch kit it
comes with three arches and they are a
little bit bigger to let you accompany a
few more cables or some larger cables
moving to some of the bigger ones the
large Arch kit it comes with two and
they're more for bundling multiple power
cables or a number of ethernet runs and
the final of the Arches the big one the
extra large these can hold a ton of
weight every Arch kit you order will
also come with its own plate set that
has the number of plates you need plus
some screws to mount it we also offer a
VHB kit or we offer a silicone kit as
well let's see how and when you'd use
each of these plates but first a word
from our sponsor thanks to Jawa for
sponsoring today's video they make
getting rid of your old graphics card
Easy by buying it off of you themselves
all you have to do is go through the
steps on their site to get an instant
quote and a free shipping label most
sellers will get paid within one
business day after Jawa receives the
part and if you're looking to upgrade
your graphics card find big savings on
their Marketplace of cards from users
just like you each card is carefully
inspected and quality checked to make
sure they're in working condition and
it's not just graphics cards Jawa makes
it easy to sell your old rig or buy one
from an experienced Builder so check
them out in the link below sell your old
graphics card and offset the cost of a
new one and now let's get on to demoing
these if your desk isn't magnetic you're
going to need to use one of our plate
kits for mounting first get an idea of
where you want your cable managers on
your desk we've found that about 1T spe
facing is good to keep cables taut on
the underside of a desk once you get
your layout grab your standard plates
peel off the backing and hold for about
3 or 4 seconds after
that grab a screw and screw it in if you
got the VHB upgrade kit grab some
isopropyl alcohol or other Degreaser and
wipe down the area that you're going to
apply the plates to let it dry PE off
the backing you're going to want to hold
it for about 10 seconds do make sure
that this is where you want it cuz it is
permanent once it's attached if you got
a silicone upgrade kit there are two
common uses one is for applying it on
top of one of your existing plates to
give you a little bit more stick in
terms of sliding alternatively you can
apply it to the side of a standit desk
or a PC case or anything else that's
made out of a magnetic metal if you are
using the silicone the magnets won't
stick as
well but they'll stay in place better
and it helps minimize the chance of
scratching anything that you put them on
now we're going to move on to the less
intuitive parts of the cable management
system the power brick holder comes in a
set of two there are your two
holders with your power brake holder you
get some extra long cable ties these are
designed to give you enough room to fit
all the way around even the biggest of
power bricks when getting ready to use
your power bar holder grab your cable
tie and slide it into the holder just
like that once your two cable ties are
on grab your power brick and wrap it
up if your power brick is something a
fair bit smaller you want to line it up
so one side is wrapping around it then
you can wrap the other side around the
cable one other thing I find Handy if
you're taking this on the go you can
wrap up a bunch of your extra cable in
the cable
tie if you're wrapping this around
something really small you'll end up
with too much cable tie and it won't be
able to stick properly if that's the
case grab a pair of scissors and cut off
the extra the power bar key in my
opinion is one of the most versatile
things in the entire offering it's also
a set of two it has three pieces you
unscrew it and out pops a little gripper
that slides into a keyhole slot on a
variety of different products when
you're attaching this to a power bar you
want to unscrew it slide it into the
hole and then pull it to one side and
give it a tighten
and it's attached almost every Power bar
will have two attachment points and
that's to stop it from rotating so let's
get the second one in and
then this mount it up and these magnets
are plenty
strong if your Keyhole slot is really
deep you can take off the thumb tab
entirely to get a little bit of extra
reach but if it's really shallow you can
flip it over and it'll take up a little
bit of extra space
in addition to that if you unthread it
all the way the inside thread is a/4 20
for all of your hacking needs like your
own 3D printed Creations here we have a
hanger and an Electronics enclosure
that's wall mounted and some other
things for inspiration camera
mounts and we attached our battery
charger to the underside of our
Shelf how convenient and for the cable
tie holder has a nice little cut to be
able to slide a cable tie through and
either run one cable along it or attach
a bunch of things and you get four with
your cable tie holder set comes some of
our standard cable ties but a set of
four just the number you need one of the
reasons that you might want to use the
cable tie holder over some of the other
arches is it's in line with your cables
which means you don't need a lot of
space beside them however you do give up
some flexibility in terms of ease of
replacement for using
these another way you can do it if you
know you're going to be detaching more
than one cable at a time from it so you
can wrap the cable tie around it
first peel it back a bit and slide this
tail
through the cable tie holders also give
you a fair bit of flexibility for
attaching ornaments or whatever else you
want to with the cable ties we're really
happy with how these turned out and we
hope you will be too the cable manager
kits are $15 each and the upgrade kits
for the VHB and silicone or $5 each or
you can save by picking up one of our
pre-built Solutions if all you're doing
is a desktop Monitor and peripherals on
a regular siiz desk pick up the desk
solution for things like media cabinets
basic Network setups and multiple
desktops the room solution is what
you're looking for but if you have to
manage a Home Server a whole networking
closet or a family's worth of desktops
the Home Solution has you covered you
can buy them now at LTT store.com thanks
for watching short circuit if you like
this video you might like this where
lonus gives you a tour of the LT store
backpack